feat: new design (#54)
mondaycom/storybook-addon-playground: README.md

};
```

The addon configuration is done through Storybook's `preview`.

> Few of the parameters are required for the addon to work properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters are required for the addon to work properly:
```

Author: Not all the parameters which are written after this sentence are required (I'm detailing for each parameter which is required)
Maybe it should be a table

Author: Changed to a Table @talkor

export const Playground = {};
```

## Usage

To use the Playground, navigate to the Storybook UI and select a story that has the playground decorator. In your addons panel, see an interactive code editor alongside your component, where you can modify the code and immediately see your changes reflected.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

### Develop locally

Install dependencies and start

> ```bash

Reviewer: The project uses yarn no? So I think you should remove the npm here

    C[manager.ts]

    D[Panel addon]
    E[Tool addon]

    F[withPlayground]
    U[generateAutocompletions]
    G[PlaygroundPreview]
    H[react-live]
## Usage

    I[Editor]
    J[useCopyToClipboard]
    K[usePlaygroundArgs]
    Q[useInitialCode]
    R[useBroadcastEditorChanges]
    S[usePlaygroundState]
    T[useEditorTheme]
    L[useToolbarActions]
    M[prettier]
    N[react-codemirror]
To use the Playground, navigate to the Storybook UI and select a story that has the playground decorator. In your addons panel, see an interactive code editor alongside your component, where you can modify the code and immediately see your changes reflected.

    O[Toolbar icon]
## Contributing

    P[Storybook Addon API]
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

    A -->|Entry| B
    A -->|Entry| C
### Develop locally

    B -->|Exports| F
    B -->|Exports| U
Install dependencies and start

    P --> D
    P --> E
```bash
yarn
yarn start
# or
npm i
npm start
```

    E -->|Renders| O
Go to [localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006)

    C -->|Registers Addons| P
### Build

    F -->|Renders in a story| G
    G ======>|Using lib| H
#### Rollup

>     D -->|Calls| Q

Reviewer: I think worth keeping the Mermaid diagram in another md

Author: I did, in a structure.mermaid

> Rollup is used to build the addon for publishing.

Reviewer: These also can be in a Architecture doc or something

Author: maybe in a CONTRIBUTION doc?

Reviewer: Sounds good!
